Add doc example for how to test events (#741)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/docs/03-runtime/k-testing/index.mdx

}
```

### Testing Events

It can be useful to test that the emitted events conforms to some expectations.

> We can acess events emitted from `frame_system` pallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can access events emitted from the `frame_system` pallet using the `events()` method:
```

> We can access events emitted from the `frame_system` pallet using the `events()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can access events emitted from the `frame_system` pallet using the [`events()` method](https://docs.substrate.io/rustdocs/latest/frame_system/pallet/struct.Pallet.html#method.events):
```

```rust
#[test]
fn subtract_extrinsic_works() {
	new_test_ext().execute_with(|| {
		assert_ok!(<test_pallet::Pallet<Test>>::subtract(Origin::signed(1), 42, 12));
		let event = <frame_system::Pallet<Test>>::events().pop()

> 			.expect("Expected Result EventRecord").event;

Reviewer: Here we assume `EventRecord` is the event we're testing, right?

Author: From what I found in the docs `<frame_system::Pallet<Test>>::events()` returns a list of [`EventRecord`](https://docs.substrate.io/rustdocs/latest/frame_system/struct.EventRecord.html).

`Result` event is the event we are matching against.

Maybe the `Result` event or the expect error message needs to be clearer.

Reviewer: Perhaps clearer to update the error message to:
`.expect("Expected event to match `EventRecord`")`

Author: What about "Expected at least one EventRecord to be found"
